[BEAM-10885] Add Avro support to Kafka table provider (#12827)
apache/beam: website/www/site/content/en/documentation/dsls/sql/extensions/create-external-table.md

### Supported Payload

> *   CSV (default)
>     *   Beam parses the messages, attempting to parse fields according to the
>         types specified in the schema.
> *   Avro
>     *   Beam parses the messages, attempting to parse fields according to the
>         types specified in the schema. Avro schema is automatically deduced.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*   CSV (default)
    *   Beam parses the messages, attempting to parse fields according to the
        types specified in the schema.
*   Avro
    *   An Avro schema is automatically generated from the specified field
        types. It is used to parse incoming messages and to format outgoing
        messages.
```
